For Java javaWs needs to be added to build.sbt (#9036)
playframework/playframework: documentation/manual/working/javaGuide/main/ws/JavaWS.md

## Adding WS to project

> To use WS, first add `javaWs` to your `build.sbt` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use WS, first add the dependency to your `build.sbt` file:
```

No need to duplicate the name here since it is already on the sample code.
